this is me agent 32 in the Ford Fiesta
Movement just last month I was flown to
training for Salt Lake City all the way
to Denver Colorado where I would be
picking up my new hot magenta Ford
Fiesta whoa check out my hotel suite
finally the time had come
Rosalita was even more beautiful in
person
and I couldn't wait to hop in and drive
her I don't know how to drive a stick so
call into professionals please I just
failed I don't get my sweet spot hold
the clutch when you get to the sweet
spot cuz of the gas pedal up close
all right tell me very good so you're
giving it too much gas when you burn out
like that which is kind of cool when you
get better driving it you can do that
more but for right now we want to learn
how to start and stop without doing
burnouts yes yes we're just gonna put
this up and not show you just tell
everyone that this was me
my first turn out on the track that
wasn't natural
so my whole life I never thought that I
would ever have to learn how to drive a
stick why would I you know why then I
entered this little thing called the
Ford Fiesta Movement they offered to
give me a free car for half a year one
little catch look look at this look
three pedals stick shift and I've been
really nervous about it but I think I'm
getting the hang of it here we go around
the corner and here's how the stop
clutch goes in and then the brake and
then you let up on the brake and you
have to slowly stop I know that when I
get home I'm gonna be at a red light and
people behind me are maybe I'm gonna
start driving like a little granny
I gotta keep baby Rosalita safe how am i
doing well sure I had help driving her
all the way back to Salt Lake but since
then I've driven her all by myself and I
can't wait for the first Ford Fiesta
mission kidnap your mom and take her
someplace she's never been she's gonna
love that right